Didn't you say you wanted revenge on me?
Come on. What?
I dare not.
I just want to steal your woman
I just want to kill you
What can you do to me?
In the building, I will kill whoever Mrs. Zhao says
And you can only bite for family
This is the difference between you and me
How dare you bared your teeth at me?
Do you really think you are the Dragon King?
This is a scepter given by the king himself
Face the relic without kneeling
Kneel down kneel down
It doesn't matter if I am the Dragon King or not
In this world
Is it okay to do whatever you want with power?
Are ordinary people not qualified to be human?
Your Zhao family is the first in Daxia
Rampage
Bullying the weak
Do you really think there is no justice in this world?
The man is born in heaven and earth
Rather than broken jade
Not a tile
Even if I am an ordinary person
I also want to talk to you scum who bring disaster to the country and the people
Fight to the end
Let me kneel unless I die
That's nice.
Where did the immortality come from?
How dare you yell here
I am the Dragon King
Okay, okay, you like to pretend to be the Dragon King too, don't you?
Somebody kill him for me
Big brother, the Dragon King is not just pretending
I drank too much during the day, hurry back
It's a real hug.
Goodbye!
Wait a minute.
Boy, I totally agree with what you just said
Their Zhao family is not worthy of being the first in Daxia
Don't worry, I'm here today.
You let go
I'll see who dares to do what to you
My fake dragon king has the support of your real dragon king
Mrs. Zhao
See how I treat you